they're now rockin RGB LEDs a new 16000
dpi sensor and a few new features was it
worth bringing back a 10 year old design
is the Mamba a wireless gaming mouse
worth considering FreshBooks is the
super simple invoicing solution that
lets you get organized save time and get
paid faster click now to try it free
normally I don't care about Mouse
packaging because they're usually not
worth caring about the diamondback was
no different the Mamba on the other hand
came in a black metal box with no hint
of what was inside except for a small
embossed Razer logo first I tore open
the diamondback box and plugged in the
mouse as I got that the mouse wheel
Razer logo and strip around the edge of
a mouse all moving around in a wave of
rainbow I thought this was going to be
my go-to mouse for csgo for the
foreseeable future
the final Mouse is my daily driver and
with it I've risen through the ranks of
legendary eagle to global elite - check
out my review click here however despite
its pinpoint accuracy the feel and build
quality pale in comparison to the
Diamondback the textured rubber grips on
both sides the slightly textured plastic
of the body left and right clicks and
the bumpy rubberized mouse wheel with
solid steps but the honeymoon period
didn't last long I find the narrow
middle section where the grips are
situated too narrow there's no place
that comfortably put my thumb and pinky
as a mouse that can stay planted on the
desk it's fine in an RTS MOBA or
high-sensitivity shooter a soft grip is
not that bad but seeing as how I have to
lift almost constantly in csgo and I
have a tight grip on it I can't get
comfortable or accurate and I decided to
move on before my wrists and fingers
hurt even more in the all-black metal
container the shape foam cutouts held
the Mamba its dock the detachable cable
and clicked tension adjustment tool with
bigger grip pads on the sides a hump
that was further forward and big rounded
thumb buttons it fits right in my hand
even though it was well
of my weight preference of about nothing
grams it was comfortable out-of-the-box
the clicks feel far too light this is
actually a common complaint against the
Death Adder
but this time around Razer provided a
novel solution on the underside of the
Mamba you'll find two adjustment notches
to increase or decrease the click force
and it works perfectly
just like the Diamondback the Mamba felt
and looked premium the ability to tilt
the mouse wheel left and right is also a
nice addition all the clicks for a
satisfactory and the lighting effects
are just so pretty in game I thought the
performance was more than fine I wasn't
aiming as fast as I could with my
lighter final mouse but I wasn't doing
too bad there were some moments that
felt a little bit off though and my
tests outside the game confirmed it for
both the Diamondback and Mamba which
only makes sense as they use the same
sensor so this is where it starts
looking iffy the sensor initially seemed
fine but the dreaded z-axis issue that's
plagued the Philips 20 cents er since
like forever is still there when you
lift the mouse the sensor translates it
as movement down and to the right no
matter what the actual physical movement
was at high sensitivity you can move
your cursor to the corner of the screen
just by tilting the mouse up and down
for a game like dota that's not too big
of a deal but for a high-precision game
like csgo that's game ending not as big
of a game ender but still a big deal the
Mamba sensor readouts in wireless mode
seem to gets body when you use advanced
custom lighting effects you can stick to
basic ones but you shouldn't have to
strangely enough though playing in csgo
didn't seem to be affected by that issue
as much as I thought at higher dpi so I
think it might just exaggerate it so
your mileage may vary overall I feel
like both the Diamondback and Mamba
suffered from the DPI race and change
for the sake of change the original
Diamondback had a rubber ring around it
and that's what you would hold on to
this one just hurts your hand so while I
love the chroma effects the build
quality is great and the click force
adjustment
the Mamba is really neat I don't see why
they went with a flawed 16000 dpi laser
sensor instead of their tried-and-true
s3 9 8 8 or 8 9 and I don't know who the
Diamondback is for everyone I've asked
has found it really uncomfortable if the
mom that had the same sensor as the
Death Adder I think it could outright
replace it even for competitive games
running in Wireless mode and I guess
that's where we are they could have been
perfect but they're not just a couple of
bad decisions ruined them for me and at
the price they're asking you can get
more real performance from somewhere
else
speaking of finding things somewhere
else crunchyroll is a site created by
anime fans for anime fans they offer the
most current episodes of new shows
straight from Japan like anti-magic
Academy and Gundam iron blooded orphans
Fukui on the bungu manga daisuki days
they have a large collection of the most
popular anime series like killa kill and
rrraaahhh and all of the content on
their site is professionally subtitled
head over to crunchyroll.com slash linus
to sign up for a 30-day free trial of
crunchyroll premium santi d2o tanishka
con hi so des our link gives you a whole
month of free anime completely ad free
if you enjoy the many benefits of
premium like 1080p streaming jenny new
episodes of shows straight from Japan
within an hour of their premiere and
being able to stream anywhere anytime
from a variety of devices like your
phone tablet or game console you can
continue your premium membership
crunchyroll for only 695 per month hey
Toki moto ku ah yes so head over to
crunchyroll.com slash Linus and check
them out so thank you guys for watching
if you liked it liked it and if you
didn't like it dislike it I'm sure you
guys know how to do that and if you want
to tell me why you can hit me up on
Twitter at Ed's ejogo
while you're at it maybe consider
supporting us directly by using our 5th
toad to shop at Amazon buying a cool
shirt like this one or with a direct
monthly contribution through the forum
now that you're done doing all that
stuff you're probably wondering what to
watch next so click that little button
in the top right corner to check out
this video where I reviewed the final
Mouse I think I did that